[DOCS-166] Add guidance and a template for pentester writers (#142)
cobalthq/cobalt-product-public-docs: content/en/BestPractices/template.md

---
title: "<Substitute your title>"
linkTitle: "<Substitute a possibly shorter title>"
# Change this weight, based on where it should go in the "Best Practices"
# section
weight: 600
# The `toc_hide` entry hides the link from the menu. The content still available
# at <URL>/bestpractices/. We'll remove the entry when we publish your work
toc_hide: true
description: >
  <Substitute the description of your choice.>
---

We include this template for your convenience. You're welcome to copy this file

> (and change the file name) to help you write your article. Examine the source

Reviewer: filename (per Google Style Guide)

Author: ```suggestion
(and change the filename) to help you write your article. Examine the source
```
